this episode of hydro show is sponsored
by hydro mag the UK's independent
hydroponics magazine it's now time for
our mega rooms feature where we invite
industry experts to set up an elaborate
grow room system right here in our very
own studio today we welcome green finger
hydroponics you have three stores in the
London area
Queen finger have used the new Excel
auto part for their growth system
featuring 24 parts each 25 liters in
capacity this system comes supplied with
a 400 liter flexi tank which
automatically regulates the water level
in the parts the growing medium is
Maputo in each pot sits a circular
trellis Florin supports the lighting
green finger have used a combination of
maxi brights and master effects in green
compact 600 watt ballasts the reflectors
are supernovas loaded with Sun Master
metal halide lamps supplying the power
to the lighting system is a maxi switch
pro 8 contactor for extraction a 12 inch
fan connected to acoustic ducting keeps
the room cool whilst 2 hot box heater
and circulators warm the room if the
temperature drops additionally to 16
inch fresh floor fans circulate the air
at ground level in case the room
temperature gets too high green finger
have also supplied a water chiller
designed to maintain the correct
temperature of the nutrient in the tank
also connected to the tank is an OD air
ozone gas generator which oxidizes the
pathogens and helped maintain a
disease-free nutrient
and the steel machine produces 90% pure
oxygen which is then dissolved in the
nutrient solution to raise the oxygen
ppm in the tank giving the plants
healthier roots a centrifugal humidifier
will help keep humidity correct at
different stages of the plant's growth
cycle and are you wondering what this
strange-looking contraption is the bio
wave di 9200 is brand new to the UK
market generating a sub harmonic wave
the bio way causes the plant stomata to
dilate for increased gas and water
exchange
today's macaroon was brought to you by
green finger hydroponics if you would
like any more information on this or any
other mega room see our official
magazine hydro maggot
this episode of hydro show is sponsored
by hydro mag the UK's independent
hydroponics magazine